BC Login 3.2
==========

##A login application for TI-84 Plus written in assembly.

At the time I wrote this program I did not have regular or even semi regular access to a personal computer, as a result I wrote this program entirely on the TI-84 Plus Silver and graph paper.  I also used printed versions of the following resources:

* [The Zilog z80 instruction manuel](http://www.zilog.com/docs/z80/um0080.pdf)

* [TI's Guidebooks](http://education.ti.com/en/us/products/calculators/graphing-calculators/ti-84-plus-silver-edition/downloads/sdks)

* [The TI 83 plus include file ti83plus.h](http://education.ti.com/en/us/products/calculators/graphing-calculators/ti-84-plus-silver-edition/downloads/sdks)

* [Zilog z80 OpCode to Assembly reference sheet](http://nemesis.lonestar.org/computers/tandy/software/apps/m4/qd/opcodes.html)

### A note on the organization of the source
The source file is arranged in a non-typical way because of the difficulty of manually calculating memory addresses by hand on paper.  Because of this the variables are located at the top of the program, then followed by functions that don't need to be changed, then followed by functions that will change.  New functions are preferred to be added at the bottom of the program.  The Main function was preferred to be at the bottom of the program  until it was finalized and a "pre-main" function was added.

Also when opcodes were removed from a higher order function they were replaced with `NOP`'s to keep the size of the memory addresses the same.

### Guide to files
`tifiles/uncompiled/BCLOGIN.8xp`: 
The original source file programmed on the TI-84 Plus Silver.  This is an ASCII representation of opcode instructions.
___

`tifiles/compiled/BCLOGIN.8xp`: A "compiled" binary of the source file where the ASCII opcode representations have been converted into actual opcodes. Generated by the TI-84 Plus function AsmComp.
___

`src/asm/text/bclogin.text`: A textual pc representation of the TI source file.
___

`src/text/memaddress.text`: The same as `src/asm/text/bclogin.text` but has the memory addresses listed to the left at the location they will be run from memory.
___

`src/asm/bclogin.asm`: An human readable assembly representation of the source files.
